grandson
I fry
Why are you blowing me up?
We are both farmers
Didn't I double the explosion?
Then I'll play the mistress again
Let You Go
Haha, Lao Tang
This costs you double
Wait a minute, those nutrients of yours are all mine
Don't um
Wait, hahaha.
What to die hahaha
You don't want any three.
How about I only have Zhang San left?
I found out that for so many years
That brain is still so stupid
Are you still playing?
The kids are coming back soon.
Mom, Aunt Yaoyao, Uncle Fan, Uncle Tao, I'm back.
Don't call me uncle in the future
Tell Dad to be nice
Hahahahahaha you old man
Take advantage of me and kick you
Hahaha hey
Baby, when will our daughter be back?
Our daughter is bringing her boyfriend back.
Take a look and worry about you.
Can I be in a hurry?
You said that a good home is not allowed to live in
He insisted that we live in this orphanage
What's wrong with this orphanage?
This is my root
Even if you don't have children for me to raise?
I can't leave this either
Okay, okay, okay?
Hey what did you just say
Kexin wants to bring her boyfriend back
Our daughter has a new boyfriend
Bring it back and let's check it.
Ok ok
The two of us are really noisy, we can't make enough noise in a lifetime
Hahahaha
Mom and Dad, Aunt Li, Uncle Fan, I'm back.
This is my boyfriend Li Feng. Hello, uncles and aunts
New Buddha
You're finally back!
Let's leave home
Finally reunited